#summary Planned future features

=Roadmap=

This is a partial list of features that are planned for future releases but are not yet in any development branch.

There is no absolute guarantee that features will appear in the exact version under which they are listed, or at all. Features which are difficult or time-consuming to implement may be pushed to later versions without notice if they are hindering the release of an otherwise publishable version.

Suggestions are welcome! None of these features or software versions are being developed yet, so if you have ideas about how they should work, or would like to see something added to the lists, there is still time to let me know. Please [mailto:auremompd@gmail.com e-mail] the author.

==0.5 release==

  * Use MPD command lists for playlist control for speed and atomicity.
  * Add a search function.
  * Allow the user to scroll to a name inside a list by typing the first letters of the name.
  * Improve saved playlist interface.
  * Add optional criteria for sorting albums. For example, the user should be able to choose alphabetical, chronological or filesystem ordering.
  * Add album artist collection browsing mode.
  * Add controls for enabling and disabling outputs on the server.

==Later releases==
  
  * Add support for web radio.
  * Optimize the initial database fetch. There are user reports of very long startup times with slow computers and large collections (20+ seconds with a Raspberry Pi as the server). Caching all the metadata on the client should be simple and help enormously.
  * Look into the possibility of supporting multiple genres per song.
  * Maybe add more ways to browse the music collection.
  * Maybe create a cool custom control for the volume knob. The slider is typical but not very pretty, plus it takes a lot of space.
  * Maybe add settings for hiding individual music collection tabs and, if feasible, disabling the data model behind them entirely. This would make the GUI quicker and less cluttered.
  * Maybe add album art, supposing that it can be incorporated in the GUI in a meaningful way. This should probably be an opt-in feature because it can be heavy and not useful for all users.
  * Maybe add lyrics. This must definitely be an opt-in feature.